added withProvider recipe (#110)
Wolox/frontend-cookbook: cookbook-react/src/recipes/utils/withProvider/README.md

For those cases where this is not necessary, you can manually create a context using useState instead of useReducer and passing the setter this hook returns as your way of modifying the state.

### Params

| Name         | Type                                                     | Description                                                                                                |
|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Context      | React.Context<{ state: U, dispatch: React.dispatch<V> }> | A context whose Provider is used to wrap the component. Its value is an object with `state` and `dispatch` |
| reducer      | React.Reducer<U, V>                                      | A reducer which defines the way the state is modified                                                      |
| initialState | U                                                        | An initial state for the `state` value inside the Context                                                  |

## Generic values

> - T: The contained component's Prop type.
> - U: The `state`'s type.
> - V: The Action type. Extends ActionType, which means it must contain a `type`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- P: The contained component's Prop type.
- S: The `state`'s type.
- A: The Action type. Extends ActionType, which means it must contain a `type`
```

What do you think about renaming these?
